Row | Category |  Activity |  Description | Current Owner | Proposed Owner | Importance | Assessment | Targeted Hrs/Week | Actual Hrs/Week
--|-------|-----------------|---|---|---|---|---|-----|-----
1| Market | Market Problems |  interviews (potential customers, recent evaluators) leading to discovery of business issues + validation of exisiting feature set | @ericdmoore | @ericdmoore | 4 | -- | 5 | --
2| Market | Win Loss Analysis | Understanding motivations of recent product evaluators for purcahse choice (or lack of) as well as the process that occured for them to complete the purchase | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
3| Market | Distince Competancies | Discover and List Organizational market-value delivering abilities. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
4| Market | Competitive Landscape | Enumerate alternate and competitive products in market with thier strengths and weaknesses. Accompanied by plan for winning against each obstacle. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
5| Market | Assest Assessment | Perform an Assets Inventory - including skills, services, patents,etc) categorize plans on how to best use them. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | --  
6| Focus | Market Definition | Map needs with target markets and analyze the market segments to actively pursue. Ensure that the targeted segments are large enough to support the current and future business of the product. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
7| Focus | Distrubution Strategy | Determine which channels best align with your markets' buying preferences. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
8| Focus | Product Portfolio | Integrate products into a cohesive portfolio per market segment. Where the bundled package is Managed like a product | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
9| Focus | Product Roadmap | Illustrate the vision and key phases of deliverables for the product. The roadmap is a plan, not a commitment. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
10| Business | Business Plan | Perform an analysis of a potential market opportunity to provide a basis for investment. Articulate whats learned in the market and quantify the risk with a financial model. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
11| Business | Pricing  | Establish a pricing model, schedules, guidelines and procedures | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
12| Business | Build-Buy-Partner  | Determine the most effective way to deliver a complete solution to an identified market problem. Where you have gaps in your offering, analyze whether to buy, build, or partner to complete the solution for your market. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
13| Business | Profitability  | Monitor and analyze key performance indicators to determine how well the product is performing in the market, how it impacts the company operations, and ultimately, how it contributes to profit. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
14| Business | Innovation  | Focus your teams' creative spirit on solving market problems by leveraging your organization's distinctive competencies. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
15| Planning | Positioning  | Describe the product by its ability to solve market problems. Create internal positioning documents that will be used to develop external messages focused on each key buyer or persona. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
16| Planning | Buyer Experience  | Research and document the buying process your target personas use to select a product. Understand the barriers that buyers encounter during their selection process. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
17| Planning | Buyer Personas  | Define the archetypical buyers involved in the purchasing process of your products and services.  | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
18| Planning | User Personas  | Define the archetypical users of your products and services. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
19| Planning | Requirements | Articulate and prioritize personas and their problems so that the appropriate products can be built.   | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
20| Planning | Use Case Scenarios  | Illustrate market problems in a “story” that puts the problem in context. Use scenarios are one component of requirements. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
21| Planning | Stakeholder Communcation Plan | Manage proactive communications with relevant stakeholders from strategy through execution.  | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
22| Programs | Marketing Plans | Articulate the strategies and tactics for generating awareness and leads for the upcoming fiscal period, including key programs and events with measurements and goals. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
23| Programs | Revenue Growth | Define the specific plans and budgets for selling products and services to new customers. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
24| Programs | Revenue Retention | Define the specific plans and budgets for ensuring customer loyalty as well as selling products and services to existing customers. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
25| Programs | Launch Plans | Plan, execute and measure effectiveness of strategic launches. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
26| Programs | Awareness | Develop programs to raise the profile and awareness of your brand within strategic market segments to bring more prospects into your funnel.  | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
27| Programs | Nuturing | Develop programs to move prospects quickly and effectively through the funnel, with the objective of turning prospects into satisfied customers. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
28| Programs | Advocacy | Identify customers who are willing to give testimonials, case studies and references and amplify their voice in the market.  | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
29| Programs | Measurements | Measure and tune product marketing programs to ensure alignment with corporate goals. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
30| Enablement | Sales Alignment | Use your market knowledge to help sales align their selling process to the way the market wants to buy. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
31| Enablement | Content | Develop relevant content to be used for all go-to-market channels and materials. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
32| Enablement | Sales Tools | Create tools for salespeople focused on a specific step of the selling process. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
33| Enablement | Channel Training | Design and deliver training programs to help the sales channels focus on how to sell the product, not how to use it. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
34| Support | Programs | Provide needed market and solution information to support internal and external marketing programs. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
35| Support | Operations | Provide needed market and solution information to support the operations group. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
36| Support | Events | Provide needed market and solution information to support marketing events such as conferences, trade shows and webinars. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
37| Support | Channels | Provide needed market and solution information to support channel opportunities and activities. | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
